So just like any other
attribute of a DOM element,
you can set the class of an element
using JavaScript inside curly braces.
But this is such a common pattern
that we have a special directive for
classes specifically that allow you to
toggle classes based on some condition.
So instead of having current ===
'foo' 'active' otherwise empty,
we can just replace that whole thing
with class:active = current === 'foo'.
And we can get rid of those quotes,
we're not asking anything.
Apply that to all of those.
And now the current class will,
oops, I forgot to add the active.
So now when we click on these,
the active class,
which adds this background style
to the button, will get applied
whenever this condition is true for
each of the buttons in turn.
And that's just less stuff to write.
Just like with the bind value shorthand
and source equal source shorthand that
we've already encountered, you'll
very often have a situation like this
where the class that you're toggling is
the same as the name of the condition.
And so you have something like this
class:big = big, which works like this.
We can just get rid of
the = big part of that, and
spell it will fill in the blanks for us.